1 AA vs 1 SHVR:
    No trades occur.
    Both try slowly to adjust their bids towards the equilibrium price. Shaver will start bidding at the worst bid / ask price until a trade occurs (which will be produced through the interactions of the other bots). It will slowly move towards the equilibrium price, however, Shaver is constrained to doing this 1 unit at a time through out-bidding / out-asking the other bots; since the only other bot is AA (which doesn't bid / ask very often) it will usually be out-bidding / out-asking itself. This causes Shaver to move linearly towards the equilibrium.
    AA is supposed to tend toward the equilibrium logarithmically and should therefore place more lucrative offers than Shaver. However, this is clearly not the case as AA places worse offers in both the buy and sell cases.
    
1 AA vs 10 SHVR:
    Trading starts at around round 90.
    The Shaver bots tend towards the equilibrium much faster than when there was only one bot due to the fact there are now 10 Shaver bots outbidding each other. When the bids and asks converge, the Shaver bots invariably trade with themselves. Not all Shaver bots are engaged in making actual trades at all times, The horizontal lines of bids / asks on the graphs indicate that a Shaver bot is placing shouts at its limit price.
    Our AA implmentation again demonstrates how it is not tending to the equilibrium logarithmically as it shold be. Were it functioning correctly, AA should have placed bids that were higher (or asks that were smaller) than those Shaver placed at around the same time as AA is designed to alter its aggressiveness such that it would place a higher bid / lower ask in subsequent rounds, however, it fails to do this. In other words, Adaptive Aggressive is failing to change it's aggressiveness adaptively.
    
10 AA vs 10 SHVR:
    Again, trading begins at around round 90.
    We see the same pattern as we do in the previous experiment except that AA is making more bids / asks. On this occasion we see that AA actually manages to make a few profitable trades between 90 and 140 before being swamped by the simpler and more effective aggressiveness function of the correctly implemented Shaver bot. These few trades are more by chance than by design; the dip in bid price would have intersected with the poorly adapting AA bot allowing AA to place bids that would be accepted by the seller Shaver traders.
